read : Reserved Word
x : inId
; : Special Character
if : Reserved Word
( : Special Character
0 : inNum
< : Special Character
x : inId
) : Special Character
then : Reserved Word
fact : inId
:= : Special Character
1 : inNum
+ : Special Character
2 : inNum
- : Special Character
3 : inNum
+ : Special Character
4 : inNum
; : Special Character
repeat : Reserved Word
fact : inId
:= : Special Character
fact : inId
* : Special Character
x : inId
; : Special Character
x : inId
:= : Special Character
x : inId
- : Special Character
1 : inNum
; : Special Character
repeat : Reserved Word
r : inId
:= : Special Character
12 : inNum
; : Special Character
if : Reserved Word
( : Special Character
z : inId
= : Special Character
6 : inNum
) : Special Character
then : Reserved Word
read : Reserved Word
hello : inId
; : Special Character
write : Reserved Word
hello : inId
end : Reserved Word
until : Reserved Word
y : inId
= : Special Character
15 : inNum
; : Special Character
if : Reserved Word
( : Special Character
hello : inId
= : Special Character
20 : inNum
) : Special Character
then : Reserved Word
read : Reserved Word
y : inId
; : Special Character
y : inId
:= : Special Character
1 : inNum
/ : Special Character
2 : inNum
end : Reserved Word
until : Reserved Word
x : inId
= : Special Character
0 : inNum
; : Special Character
write : Reserved Word
fact : inId
end : Reserved Word
